hello everyone we are here at the
ossicles cafe McKinley Hill the fourth a
sprint Oh welcomes its newest member see
after my name is Paloma sauce I'm the
marketing director of sprint Oh printer
is mid-range brand we originated in Hong
Kong
we're also present in Singapore and
Dubai and now in Manila were
aggressively marketing and the
Philippines through the help of our
ambassadors
speaking of Sprinter brand ambassadors
here a style blogger chase Shula and her
favorites like I'm actually wearing it
right now it's called furs very very my
aviators look at the bang and vintage
and whose brand at the same time I'd
love about Springs oh is that me one of
their brand ambassadors I was able to do
a lot of things there a the open door
they open a lot of doors for me and
they've kind of pushed me to do more of
what I could francelina never think
twice the CEO tag line Allah and with
Sprint though they encouraged me to
never think twice movies from stop
bloggers athletes what means free to
decide to choose ask us as their newest
ambassadors we all know when Isis became
popular in the country the answer of ask
us is always to believe friends will
always believe on the narrating press
characters and if you really wanted to
do something just never think why it's
the same as ask us they know that it can
happen ask her we will get
connecting the international second of
course this wouldn't be enough without
hearing from ask us themselves why they
love spend oh I'm so happy to be part of
and part of like a sprinter family in
tow we will because we travel a lot and
we really like to wear you know nice
outfit and then make fashion style so
it's printer helps us to give us a lot
of option to wear different shades with
different costume event we are sporty
they have a lot of option which is like
a sporty wear if we go out with casual
clothes and like we go out of the
countries every countries have different
styles so whenever we go is like there
is a differentiate a sprinter has have
for us so we are happy I really really
like a penny I got good style a really
comfy to wear as well we are lucky and
happy to wear this this brand yeah they
have like two two different styles like
for cycling but also casual and that's
really good because like if you want to
go for do some sports you can wear your
sport glasses if you want to just go to
the beach or something you can wear
different different styles it's really
nice
I love the design you solve even if I'm
going to the shower I fell in love with
a brand from the time I started signing
it so in English printer family is
overwhelmed stuff and schrock after
being tagged a Southeast Asia's best
football players it's amazing is for me
it makes me so much proud that the
people are recognizing me and got up
saying that I'm a good footballer and a
nice person as well and it's yeah it's
just amazing everything and I'm
overwhelmed of the love I get from the
fans and and
just a pleasure sharing their sprinter
experiences asked us also tell how happy
they are with their facts so lovely they
support us and very well it's especially
football right now especially us because
if you see us God's become popular in
few only two years and then like it's
because of our fans you know they give
us the shots of so much love and that
makes me so happy and couldn't get any
bigger without these fans I think we
have the best fans ever even when we
lose they are not angry they are still
happy you know like we are sad but they
might they make us happy again and next
game they are every game they are with
us and they support us always from
everywhere this every country they are
there and it's nice every game behind us
and each game that we had especially in
the Hong Kong game it was a tough game
and we won so this was a big accident
thank you it was one for our country for
them and for all the supported that here
in the Philippines and all of the world
and I think we could keep doing that and
hopefully they still continue to support
us of course I'd like to invite not just
not just me the penis but people all
over the world specially the ad needs to
try sprinter and as I've said we're
managing world-class athletes and this
is the world-class brand we're talking
about so it matches and try it it's
really affordable and it's really nice
everyone all the Filipinos all the
supporters of Philippine ask us to grab
your own sprint oh we're available at
different optical stores and department
stores nationwide never think twice Gabe
from madhouse Manila